# Agenda

1. Status updates from team members

# Status updates

- [@josephsavona](https://github.com/josephsavona)
  - Ironing out issues using `RelayContainer` in native apps.
  - Access data through context.
  - Revising how we make unique identifiers for fragments.
  - Exploring ideas for fragment-level tracking.
- [@kassens](https://github.com/kassens)
  - On call this week, dealing with GitHub issues and internal repo sync issues.
  - Investigating test breakage and build problems in central repo.
  - Updating repo sync scripts.
- [@steveluscher](https://github.com/steveluscher)
  - Working with internal teams adopting Relay.
  - Dealing with internal CI/build problems.
- [@wincent](https://github.com/wincent)
  - Initial commits landed for validation of mutation config; catches typos and suggests corrections.
- [@yuzhi](https://github.com/yuzhi)
  - Architecture brainstorming.
  - Supporting internal teams with bugs and integration of features.
